it started out as a normal day but as is
often the case in the occupied West Bank
it turned into a bloody
one we were happy it was a good day then
our car broke down we got out to see
what was wrong the soldiers thought we
were going to throw stones they started
shooting at
us aham took three bullets in his right
arm the abdomen and his left foot but
that was only his latest brush with the
Israeli Army just a few months ago aan
and his brother wadia were detained
during a night
raid their experience similar to this
one in a video released by bit Salem an
Israeli Human Rights group a father
tells his son to wake
up don't be
scared the Army is here he says aim and
Ria were taken away in front of their
helpless
parents it was petrifying we were both
in a 1 square meter cell we couldn't lay
down to go to sleep we were tied up in a
chair we asked for water they said no
water and no toilet unless we admitted
our crime I kept on telling them we
didn't do
anything there are currently more than
180 miners held in Israeli jails many
for as little as throwing stones at
soldiers or like this 13-year-old child
who was arrested for picking wild herbs
near a settlement
many of the detes are taken to prisons
inside Israel parents need to apply for
a visitation permit through the Red
Cross and that could take up to 3 months
in the meantime the minor is cut off
from the
world on average 800 Palestinian miners
are held in military detention each year
Israel says it's on security grounds the
age of criminal responsibility in the
occupied territory is 12 that doesn't
apply to settlers who carry out attacks
on
Palestinians Palestinian children are
potential terrorist so this is the
mentality by which the Israeli officials
are treating uh Palestinian children so
first of all uh they convinced
themselves that they are treating uh or
dealing with potential terrorist and uh
behaving
accordingly 15-year-old Ahmed alas still
Shivers when he remembers his ordeal he
was on his way to have a haircut in heon
when Israeli soldiers pounced on him
just a few weeks
ago at first they didn't do anything but
then they taunted us tied my hands
blindfolded me made me sit on a chair
each time I tried to sleep they would
pour water on me I was always thinking
about my parents what will happen to
them if they were to keep me here and I
was really Wired from my mom and dad
Ahmed was released after 2 weeks but
like many children who face military
courts and prisons it's an experience
that will have an impact on him for the
rest of his life ABD Hamid Al jazer in
the occupied West Bank